Add project glossary. (#262)
spiffe/helm-charts: project/glossary.md

<!-- vim: ft=markdown colorcolumn=72
-->
# Glossary

This glossary is a dictionary of terms defined as they are used by the
spire/helm-charts project.  Writing the definitions of terms here helps
to keep other documents concise and precise.  Documenting terminology
here helps prevent misundersandings, facilitating easy onboarding of new
team members.

> Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deployment**
```

> : A use of the Helm Charts to describe a single SPIRE cluster.

Reviewer 2: Since there are multiple "clusters" involved, should we call it out explicitly like done here? Throughout the rest of the document cluster is being used to talk about a SPIRE cluster and not a k8s cluster or sql cluster.

Or document Cluster as its own term? That may be better too, as then we can be explicit about what more then a multi pod spire-server makes up a "spire cluster"?

Author: Yes, we should be specific where it helps, and non-specific where it hurts.

I wouldn't want a definition of "Cluster" to be more than "A collection of related computers and software acting as part of a system"  

The alternative is "Cluster" means "A collection of related computers and software acting as part of SPIRE deployment" which would then require Kubernetes Cluster to mean one of "A Kubernetes collection of related computers and software acting as part of a SPIRE deployment" (blocking the ability to talk about Kubernetes clusters) or "A collection of related computers and software acting as part of a Kubernetes deployment" (making contextual comments of "Kubernetes Cluster" with follow on "Cluster" comments contextually awkward.

Feel free to suggest "SPIRE Cluster" / "Kubernetes Cluster" where you see a raw "Cluster" and the meaning should be constrained to only one or the other.

> Deployment Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deployment Type**
```

: One of three supported deployments of the template: Standalone, 

> Primary, or Secondary.

Reviewer 2: I can think of at least one more configuration that security conscious users might want... spire-server in one (security focused) k8s cluster and the spire-agent in a workload cluster. What would we call that?

Author: Two deployments of the charts (the charts might be identical or not, depending on how they decide to deploy)

Reviewer 2: How would the deployment flag be set for each case? Still standalone or in some cases secondary, where agent is disabled in one release and server is disabled in the other?

I guess, is the deployment type referring to the configuration of the spire-server, or does it include agents. If it includes agents, there probably needs to be a few more permutations.

> Federation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Federation**
```

: When one cluster is configured to trust elements of another cluster
containing a different trust domain.

> Federated Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Federated Deployment**
```

: A Primary Deployment or Standalone Deployment that is configured
to federate with one or more Deployments.

> Primary Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Primary Deployment**
```

: A deployment of the Helm Charts where the cluster's purpose is to
provide certificates to Secondary Deployments.

> Secondary Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Secondary Deployment**
```

: A deployment of the Helm Charts where the cluster obtains an
intermediate CA from a Primary Deployment and uses it to service
Workload Identity requests.

> Standalone Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Standalone Deployment**
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Honest question. I could go either way. Primary/Secondary totally works. Our charts are a different way of deploying spire, so different terminology may be the bast way to go to disambiguate things. But spire also has its own terminology that may be better to reuse. They would call it root and nested.
https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/architecture/nested/readme/

Whats the best approach there?

: A deployment of the Helm Charts where the cluster both manages the CA
and services Workload Identity requests in the same cluster.

> Tiered Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tiered Deployment**
```

> : Use of the Helm Charts two or more times, such that one chart is

Reviewer 2: A root chart is likely to contain at least a spire-server and likely a spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider

```suggestion
: Use of the Helm Charts two or more times, such that one or more charts are
```

Author: I would prefer to consider "use of the Helm Charts" in a context where one "of the Charts" matches one cluster, not one use "of the charts" match one of each of the possible components in a cluster.  With the latter, undesired, interpretation, to deploy a standalone cluster, one would use the charts two or three times, which just seems an overly complex (and wrong) way to describe things.

Reviewer 2: Oh. I read this differently then, so there is some ambiguity. I took "one chart is configured" to be referring to one of the helm charts (source code), and "the others" referring to other charts (more source code). helm chart refers to code.

Your not talking about charts though, your talking about either what helm calls a Release (instantiation of a chart, https://helm.sh/docs/intro/using_helm/#three-big-concepts) or what this document has been calling a Deployment.

Author: Please read the whole sentence, "Use of the Helm Charts two or more times" is not a decorative statement.

Using the word release was intentionally avoided, because we will be re-releasing the Helm Charts for the same product (SPIRE) multiple times.

configured as a Primary Deployment Type and the others are configured as
Secondary Deployment Types.

> Trust Domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Trust Domain**
```
